Add query decomposition example (#41)
jxnl/instructor-js: docs/examples/index.md

## Table of Contents

- [How do I do classification?](./classification.md)

> - [How can I decompose queries?](./query_decomposition.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [How are complex queries decomposed into subqueries for a single request?](./query_decomposition.md)
```
